Update the Java classpath normalization description (#53)
gradle-guides/using-build-cache: contents/concepts.adoc

Task properties declared with `ABSOLUTE` path sensitivity are considered non-relocatable.
This is the default for properties not declaring path sensitivity, too.

For example, the class files produced by the Java compiler are dependent on the file names of the Java source files: renaming the source files with public classes in them would fail the build.

> Moving the files around wouldn't have an effect on the result of the compilation, but we rely on the relative path to find other classes in the same package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though moving the files around wouldn't have an effect on the result of the compilation, for incremental compilation the `JavaCompile` task relies on the relative path to find other classes in the same package.
```
